[WIP] OSDODCS-3230: OSDK CIT: Add supported images to upstream OSDK (#44997)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osdk-prepare-supported-images.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/operator_sdk/golang/osdk-golang-tutorial.adoc
// * operators/operator_sdk/ansible/osdk-ansible-tutorial.adoc
// * operators/operator_sdk/helm/osdk-helm-tutorial.adoc

ifeval::["{context}" == "osdk-golang-tutorial"]
:golang:
:type: Go
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "osdk-ansible-tutorial"]
:ansible:
:type: Ansible
:type_lc: ansible
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "osdk-helm-tutorial"]
:helm:
:type: Helm
:type_lc: helm
endif::[]

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="osdk-prepare-supported-images_{context}"]
= Preparing your Operator to use supported images

[IMPORTANT]
====
If you are using the Red Hat supported, or downstream, release of the Operator SDK, you do not need to update your project to use supported images as shown in the following procedure. The downstream release of the Operator SDK uses universal base images (UBIs) by default.
====

> Before running your {type}-based Operator on {product-title} Container Platform, update your project to use supported images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your {type}-based Operator does not use universal base images (UBIs), before you run it on {product-title}, update your project to use them.
```

I'd also flip the order of the note and the intro paragraph. I suggest creating and conditionalizing a statement to cover the OKD use case as well.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/operator_sdk/golang/osdk-golang-tutorial.adoc
// * operators/operator_sdk/ansible/osdk-ansible-tutorial.adoc
// * operators/operator_sdk/helm/osdk-helm-tutorial.adoc

ifeval::["{context}" == "osdk-golang-tutorial"]
:golang:
:type: Go
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "osdk-ansible-tutorial"]
:ansible:
:type: Ansible
:type_lc: ansible
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "osdk-helm-tutorial"]
:helm:
:type: Helm
:type_lc: helm
endif::[]

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="osdk-prepare-supported-images_{context}"]
= Optional: Using supported images with upstream versions of the Operator SDK

> If you use an upstream version of the Operator SDK to have access to newer features and bug fixes, update your {type}-based Operator project to use supported images.

Reviewer 2: Can we link the "upstream version of the Operator SDK" to the upstream SDK doc so readers can easier tell what does "upstream" vs "downstream" mean?

Thinking of something like:

If you use an [upstream version of the Operator SDK](https://sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/installation/) to have access to newer features and bug fixes, update your
